"His Holiness the 41st Sakya Trizin, the supreme head of the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism,
and who is in this country in the New York State, and he kindly accepted our invitation
to come between his busy schedules, so he said he will come on June 18th, which I think holds
in the 10th day, the Tuesday, so he's really coming here, blessing us and give some teachings,
and that we're going to have the kosti, because he's going to accept us, so we got this
confirmation,
I think last night, so they have to discuss, but he's really going to come here and bless,
as he said, His Holiness is one of the greatest teachers, living greatest teachers now,
and he is the head of the Sakya schools of Tibetan Buddhism, and as we discuss, and you all know,
in Tibetan there are four big Buddhist schools, among the four, and the Sakya is one,
and the Sakya is the, His Holiness is the head of the Sakya school, and also he belongs to the
family of the Sakya, in Tibetan Buddhism, or generally Buddhism, family is not really important,
but however, the Sakya family is considering very special family, family in the Tibetan Buddhism
is the divine family, and all the great pondering Sakya masters was born in that family,
family at the 11th century and with 10th century, one of the earliest, I mean of course,
long line clients of the family, one of the family members was the first Tibetan Buddhist
monk, one of the seven testimonies in the Buddhist, when Buddhists came to the Tibetan
in the Tongan, Burupa, Masambhava, Greermas, Chanda Rakhtai, and King Chasun Dibni,
and when came, after Sami monastery is completed, and that Tibetan popo can keep the Vanaya
vows or not, they're going to test seven, the Portland little beings, and among the seven,
the Chanda like to give the vows to all those seven monks, and one of that is, the family
belongs to the Sakya school, Sakya family, that which is his own Sakya visit family,
it's called, very known, it was a disciple of Burupa, Masambhava, Chanda Rakhtai,
and so first the seven testimonies, and then here, here his own Sakya, which is born in
the Tibetan 1945 in the ancient lineage of the Kong, he is regarded as emanation of
the Buddha Manjushri, he is a highly-related master, with profound wisdom and limitless
compassion, as holder of the Sakya throne, his wholeness has been tirelessly working
for the benefit of all sentient beings, the Sakya tradition, the Buddhism in general,
he was, he has built and renovated the monasteries, none of the schools, and relatives
for the Tibetan refugees, and has established over 30 monasteries in Nepal, India, and
support and establishment of numerous Sakya centers all over the world, his wholeness
often traveled around the world, teaching Dharma and advanced meditation authentic
and performed, teaching according to the needs of his disciples, and then, he didn't
mention it, but he is the one of the first great teachers who spoke the English, really
didn't mention it, but he was, when I was in India in 1970, everybody going to start
whispering, he always speaks English, he speaks English, and they start talking really,
so he is the, that time many teachers don't speak English, and they don't think his
Holy Dalai Lama speaks English well that time, but his wholeness, Sakya Cunzi, is the
first, one of the first, who spoke the English, okay, thank you, thank you, everyone.